Spell: psionic identify
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L2
Sphere: divination
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> psionic identify on <object>

This power allows a psion to attune his mind, focusing on the moment of an
item's creation.  The psion then reveals what he has found, marking the
enchantment of the item as well as the name, should the item have a
specific one.  The psion does not know how an item is created using these
means; he simply knows what the lasting effect is.  The item must be in the
psion's hands or on the floor for the spell to work.

NOTE: Anyone in the same room with you will also know the enchantment of
that item.

Components, psywarrior: adamite x1, wemic tears x1
Components, psion: adamite x1, wemic tears x1

Spell: alter self
Class: psywarrior L2, innate L1, psion L2, bard L2
Sphere: transmutation
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> alter self

This spell allows the caster to make minor changes to their body. These are
usually sufficient changes that they become unrecognizable even to those
they are familiar with. It does not allow for such drastic changes as body
size or overall shape; the caster would still be quite recognizable as a
creature of their race.

OOC: This spell does not alter details on your scoresheet (eyes, hair) but
the caster may describe their new form and features differently to these if
they so choose. They must still maintain their overall body shape (ie.
race, general height and weight).

You can only have one altered form with this spell - repeat uses do not
grant additional different shapeshifts, but instead return you to the same
secondary form. Adjective, description, speech, messages etc will be
remembered across castings, so they will only need to be set once in your
alternative form. Players will be able to recognise your 'other self' as a
unique entity, separate from your usual self.


Spell: cloud mind
Class: psion L2
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> cloud mind on <target>

This power allows the psion to create a minor alteration in the minds of
onlookers, so that they no longer see the target.  The effect moves with
the target, making him for all practical purposes invisible.  The power
will fail if the target becomes involved in a fight or decides to <appear>.
It may also wear off over time, though it generally lasts quite awhile.

Components, psion: clear quartz x1, amethyst x1 (or nil w. eschew
materials)

Spell: tongues
Class: mage/sorc L3, psion L2, bard L2
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> tongues on <target>

This will give the target the ability to understand, both read and write
any language. This should not change the ability to teach the language.

Components, mage/sorc: clay model ziggurat x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, bard: dialogue x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: biofeedback
Class: psywarrior L1, psion L2
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> biofeedback

Using this power, the psionic character bolsters his mental defenses,
gaining a small amount of resistance to magic.  The spell does not stack
with the resistance feat or spell.


Spell: genesis
Class: psion L2
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> genesis

Manifesting the unusual power genesis allows the psion to create a small
demiplane for a time.  This plane exists only for the caster and those
invited in, or those who can find the original entry point.  Because of the
lesser nature of the power, the demiplane will not last forever, though it
can be held for longer as the psion gains in strength.

Components, psion: malachite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: hypercognition
Class: psion L2
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Discipline: seer
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> hypercognition

Drawing upon the might of the inner eye, a seer can focus himself and gain
an insight into battles that lie ahead.  This insight translates itself
into better protection for the seer.  The protection granted the seer from
this power can be used in conjunction with inertial armor.


Spell: sustenance
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L2
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> sustenance

By focusing his energies on the blue-green gem apatite, a psion can relieve
himself of both hunger and thirst.  This power can be especially useful to
adventurers who oftentimes find themselves well away from the nearest
restaurant.

Components, psywarrior: apatite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: apatite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: id insinuation
Class: psion L2
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> id insinuation on <target>

Id Insinuation allows the psion to befuddle the target's mind, making him
react in unpredictable ways.  The target's confused state may make him
babble incoherently, run away, or attack a nearby target - even one of his
own allies.  Quite powerful in nature, this power can be very helpful in
battle.  NOTE:  This power does not work on players.  It will work only on
mobs or NPCs.


Spell: sending
Class: psion L2
Sphere: divination
Discipline: telepath
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> sending to <target>

This power allows a brief message to be sent to the target.  The target
cannot respond, and the telepath's message must be shorter than 200
characters.  If the message is too long, the power fails.  Likewise, if the
target is ignoring the psion or incapacitated in some way, the power will
fail.


Spell: thicken skin
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L2
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Discipline: egoist
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> thicken skin

An egoist who chooses can focus his power to thicken his skin, granting him
extra protection in combat.  This power works much like inertial armor, but
unlike other armor abilities, it can be used with inertial armor to grant
an additional bonus.


