Spell: power resistance
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L5
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> power resistance on <target>

Using this power will allow a psion to temporarily raise the power
resistance of the target.  After a time, the power will reverse, restoring
the creature to its original resistance.

Components, psywarrior: jade x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: jade x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: creation
Class: psion L5
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> creation

This power creates psionic fighters to protect the psion.  These warriors
do not truly exist but are rather manifestations of the psion's own
protective impulse.  The warriors will stand before the psion, mindlessly
protecting him in the event of attacks.

Components, psion: danburite x1

Spell: remote viewing
Class: psion L5
Sphere: divination
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> remote viewing on <object> (a crystal ball or
equivalent)

By means of this power, the psion changes a normal crystal ball or mirror
into a scrying device. The details of the use of such a scrying device can
be accessed by typing <help crystal ball> after a successful cast on a
crystal ball.  You will be able to scry a player character or a location
with the scrying device made by this power.

The crystal ball or mirror used must be of finely polished crystal of a
minimum cost of 1,000 gp - such ones are generally found only in psion
enclaves as they are both large and fragile, making them impossible to
carry around.

You will not be able to scry a character that you have not recognized
previously with the 'recognize' command.  Your chance of success in using
the crystal ball on a character is less if you recognize someone as
something other than their true name, but its better than nothing.  You may
not scry locations at all unless they are in memory via the remember
command.

There is also a chance that the target of the power may notice that they
are being scryed.  This depends on their class, and is adjusted
significantly by intelligence, and operates independantly of any scry
detection magic or devices.

Components, psion: banded amethyst x1, blue lace agate x1, sodalite x1, red
jasper x1

Spell: energy current
Class: psion L5
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Discipline: kineticist
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: cast <classname> energy current as <type>

Upon manifesting this power, the kineticist generates a current of energy
that lashes out at those around him. Feats such as perfect caster and body
cognition can help ensure the psion strikes only foes. The psion must
choose one of the following energy types when manifesting the power: fire,
electricity, cold, acid, sonic, or random. If random is chosen, the energy
type may change each round. This power functions like an AOE storm, so it
does not stack with similar spells or powers.


Spell: psionic teleport
Class: psion L5
Sphere: alteration
Discipline: nomad
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> psionic teleport to <location>

This power will move the nomad from his current location to one he has
previously memorized.  The nomad merely concentrates, setting his sights on
the place he would like to be, and his mind manipulates time and space to
place him there.  An example of the power's usage is <remember here as
cave>.  Then later on, the nomad would type, <cast psion psionic teleport
to cave>.  Again, you may also <unremember cave> to forget that particular
location. Note: The teleport power is not guaranteed, and the nomad may end
up in a place he did not intend.

See also:  remember, unremember, recall



Spell: catapsi
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L5
Sphere: charm
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> catapsi on <target>

This power can be one of the deadliest in the psion's arsenal, though it
causes very little damage.  By manifesting this power, the psion causes a
white noise to resonate in the mind of his target, leaving the target
unable to think, cast spells, or manifest powers.  This power is rightly
feared by psions and mages all over the realms.

Components, psion: blue diamond x3

Spell: biting cold
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L5
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> biting cold on <target>

Upon manifesting this power, the psywarrior manipulates the elemental
planes, summoning cold to himself. Concentrating the icy power in his core,
he lashes out, freezing his target. The victim experiences cold damage and
may have their movement impaired for a time.

Components, psywarrior: turquoise x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: turquoise x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: hail of crystals
Class: psion L5
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Discipline: shaper
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> hail of crystals

This power will cause the shaper to fill the air with razor-sharp crystals,
which churn and damage most things in the area.  Due to the shaper's
natural control over crytals, this power will not damage the shaper, his
party members, or any beings following him.  The power becomes longer
lasting as the shaper grows stronger.

Components, psion: tourmaline x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

