Spell: ultrablast
Class: psion L7
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> ultrablast on <target>

A psion begins manifesting this spell by creating a psychic 'grumbling'
that toys with the minds of those nearby.  The psion allows his brain to
emit an earsplitting shriek that resounds in the minds of the one targetted
and those around him.


Spell: oak body
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L7
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> oak body

By using this power, the psionic character lends some of his psychic energy
to protect himself. It causes the manifester to gain some resistance to
physical attacks, as well as immunity to most standard poisons. The oaken
nature of the power leaves the manifester vulnerable to fire attacks. The
oaken body brings a minor bonus to strength at the cost of dexterity. This
power does not work together with Stoneskin or Iron Body.

Components, psywarrior: sapphire x2
Components, psion: sapphire x2

Spell: prescience
Class: psion L7
Sphere: combat
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> prescience

This power will allow the psion foreknowledge, granting him additional
prowess in battle.  The power gives the psion a bonus to hit and damage his
opponents for a time, as well as a chance for an extra attack. This power
grants +1/per 5 levels. It grants +4 minimum and +8 maximum. This bonus
applies to both attack and damage rolls.

Components, psion: blue tigers eye x1

Spell: astral construct
Class: psion L7
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Discipline: shaper
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> astral construct

By manifesting this command, a shaper may pull small portions of ectoplasm
from the Astral Plane and weave from them a construct to do his bidding. 
The shaper must be careful, else he may lose control of his new creation.

To command the construct, simply: command construct to <action>


Spell: phase door
Class: psion L7
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> phase door on <direction>

Manifesting this power allows a psion to teleport a short distance away.
The power can be used in combat and will ignore mundane impediments, such
as caltrops or closed doors, but will be barred by magically sealed doors.
During the short time the psion is away from this plane, he regains a small
amount of health and power points. Because it requires so much
concentration, the psion must rest a short time before manifesting this
power again. Should the psion be visible when this spell is manifested, a
shimmering prismatic light accompanies his movements.

Components, psion: peridot x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: evade burst
Class: psywarrior L3, psion L7
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> evade burst

Using this power, the psionic character gains the ability to avoid damage
from certain spells and powers as if he had the evasion feat. For more
specific information, please see <help evasion>. This power does not stack
with the evasion feat.


Spell: reddopsi
Class: psion L7
Sphere: abjuration
Discipline: kineticist
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> reddopsi

Talented kineticists can manipulate the area around them, turning aside
spells. While they cannot stop area of effect spells are those that produce
splash damage, they can prevent spells and powers that directly target them
from landing. This spell does not stack with the 'reflection' or 'spell
reflection' feats.

Components, psion: moonstone x1, opal x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: speak with dead
Class: cleric L9, psion L7
Sphere: divination
Discipline: telepath
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> speak with dead to <target>

This will allow the caster to attempt to establish a mental connection with
a deceased individual.


Spell: mind blank
Class: psywarrior L6, psion L7
Sphere: abjuration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> mind blank

This power shields the psionic character's mind. The mental fortress
provides the same benefits as the Escape Detection power as well as
offering additional protection against mind-affecting spells and powers.

Components, psywarrior: beryl x1, tektite x1
Components, psion: beryl x1, tektite x1

