Spell: gale fist
Class: monk L11
Sphere: way of the elements
Discipline: way of the elements
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> gale fist on <target>

This spell creates an enormous fist of tangible air above the target. The
fist will rapidly smash the target after a short delay, sometimes more than
once, on the first attempt the target rolls a will saving throw, if
successful the target will take only half damage. If the target fails the
saving throw, however, they will be momentarily stunned. The higher the
level of the caster the longer the period of time. Each additionl strike by
the fist will allow for a save to half damage, but the stun effect will not
apply beyond the first hit. 
NOTE: Each hit of the fist does 1d6 damage per caster level. The
probability of the fist hitting more than one time is partly based on level
and partly random.


Spell: cloak of shadows
Class: warlock L4, monk L11
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> cloak of shadows on <vision|divination>

This invocation allows the warlock to draw a curtain of shadow energy
around him, concealing him from normal and magical detection attempts. It
can be used in two ways, though only one at a time. If cast on vision, it
will generate a more powerful magical concealment than standard
invisibility - it does not require the same direct concentration to
maintain, and so it does not fail if combat is initiated. If cast on
divination, it will potentially deflect magical divination attempts to
locate or watch the caster from a distance. If invisible, the caster can
simply forgo his concentration to <step> from the shadows, or with either
type of casting, it can simply be dispelled. Both effects can only be
centred upon the caster.


Spell: stoneskin
Class: druid L5, mage/sorc L4, monk L11
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> stoneskin on <target>

This spell causes the target to take less damage from to a certain number
of attacks, based on the level of the caster. It does not work together
with iron body.

Components, mage/sorc: granite dust x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

