Spell: sustenance
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L2
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> sustenance

By focusing his energies on the blue-green gem apatite, a psion can relieve
himself of both hunger and thirst.  This power can be especially useful to
adventurers who oftentimes find themselves well away from the nearest
restaurant.

Components, psywarrior: apatite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: apatite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: incite bravery
Class: psywarrior L2
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> incite bravery

Upon manifesting this power, the psionic character projects courageous
impulses into his allies, bolstering their confidence and improving their
martial prowess. This power does not stack with the bard's rally ability.


Spell: animal affinity
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L1
Sphere: alteration
Discipline: egoist
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> animal affinity on <stat>

This power allows a psionic character to focus her mental acuity, resulting
in a bonus to one of her stats. Only one stat can be raised at a time, and
this power does not stack with similar spells and abilities.


Spell: psionic identify
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L2
Sphere: divination
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> psionic identify on <object>

This power allows a psion to attune his mind, focusing on the moment of an
item's creation.  The psion then reveals what he has found, marking the
enchantment of the item as well as the name, should the item have a
specific one.  The psion does not know how an item is created using these
means; he simply knows what the lasting effect is.  The item must be in the
psion's hands or on the floor for the spell to work.

NOTE: Anyone in the same room with you will also know the enchantment of
that item.

Components, psywarrior: adamite x1, wemic tears x1
Components, psion: adamite x1, wemic tears x1

Spell: body adjustment
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L3
Sphere: healing
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> body adjustment

When using this power, the psionic character takes control of his own
healing process and makes minor adjustments throughout his body, restoring
hit points. This power has the same limitations as a cleric's heal spell
and cannot regrow lost limbs or heal substantial damage.


Spell: thicken skin
Class: psywarrior L2, psion L2
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Discipline: egoist
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> thicken skin

An egoist who chooses can focus his power to thicken his skin, granting him
extra protection in combat.  This power works much like inertial armor, but
unlike other armor abilities, it can be used with inertial armor to grant
an additional bonus.


Spell: lions charge
Class: psywarrior L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> lions charge on <target>

When manifesting this power, the psionic character charges toward her foe
and attempts to knock him down. The damage done will depend on any weapon
the psionic character has wielded.


Spell: alter self
Class: psywarrior L2, innate L1, psion L2, bard L2
Sphere: transmutation
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> alter self

This spell allows the caster to make minor changes to their body. These are
usually sufficient changes that they become unrecognizable even to those
they are familiar with. It does not allow for such drastic changes as body
size or overall shape; the caster would still be quite recognizable as a
creature of their race.

OOC: This spell does not alter details on your scoresheet (eyes, hair) but
the caster may describe their new form and features differently to these if
they so choose. They must still maintain their overall body shape (ie.
race, general height and weight).

You can only have one altered form with this spell - repeat uses do not
grant additional different shapeshifts, but instead return you to the same
secondary form. Adjective, description, speech, messages etc will be
remembered across castings, so they will only need to be set once in your
alternative form. Players will be able to recognise your 'other self' as a
unique entity, separate from your usual self.


Spell: energy emanation
Class: psywarrior L2
Sphere: combat
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> energy emanation [on cold, electricity, fire, or
sonic]

This power surrounds the psionic character in a glowing halo of energy that
lashes out at all those nearby. The amount of damage grows with the
manifester, and she can learn to control it better through feats like
Perfect Caster. Upon manifesting the power, the psionic character chooses
the energy type - cold, electricity, fire, or sonic. If no type is
designated, one will be chosen randomly.


