Spell: escape detection
Class: psywarrior L3
Sphere: abjuration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> escape detection [on <target>]

The target of this power can be a room or a person. If cast on a person,
the power's effect moves with them, sweeping the areas they pass though. 
If manifested without a target, the effect is centered on the room and
remains there.

By means of this power, the psionic character blocks all scrying attempts
on him/her by means of scrying spells and abilities like magic mirror and
remote viewing, or scrying objects like a crystal ball.  The power protects
against scrying attempts based on the level of the person attempting the
scrying as opposed to the level of the manifester with an intelligence
adjustment. If the level of the person scrying is high enough, the scryer
'burns through' the spell and the scry is successful.  A successful 'burn
through' does not end this power, and it does not alert the protected
person that it has been thwarted. If the protection is successful, magical
feedback interferes with the scrying magic and dispels it.

A scry detection power, such as 'detect remote viewing' or certain magical
items will detect a successful scrying attempt and thus can be used in
addition to this power to see if the scry protection has been thwarted.
This power can be manifested only while at peace.

Components, psywarrior: tourmaline x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: expose weakness
Class: psywarrior L3
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> expose weakness on <target>

This power allows the psionic character to rend the target's armor, making
it less effective. This power works on the same timer as the Sunder feat.


Spell: dimension slide
Class: psywarrior L3
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> dimension slide on <direction>

Manifesting this power allows the psionic character to teleport a short
distance away. The power can be used in combat and will ignore mundane
impediments, such as caltrops or closed doors, but will be barred by
magically sealed doors.

Components, psywarrior: sunstone x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

