Spell: slip the bonds
Class: psywarrior L4, psion L4
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> slip the bonds

This power will allow the manifester to ready a portion of her mind to
prepare for attacks that would otherwise stun her. When an ability or spell
paralyzes or trips her, she can choose to type <freeme> to free herself
from the effect. If she chooses not to release her reserved power, that
portion of her mind will remain prepared for such attacks. This power can
be manifested only while at peace.

Components, psywarrior: green fluorite x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: green fluorite x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: truevenom
Class: psywarrior L4
Sphere: combat
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> truevenom on <weapon>

Upon using this power, the psionic character manifests a powerful poison to
coat his weapon. A target struck by the poisoned weapon will suffer the
same fate as any individual struck by the physical poisons found in the
world. This power allows the psionic character to manifest more powerful
poisons than those conjured by Prevenom. Once the poison has been applied,
a corrosive layer of ectoplasm remains, inflicting extra damage on the
psionic character's enemies for a short time.

NOTE: When using this power, you must specify a weapon as the target. The
first such weapon in your inventory will be chosen, and items in containers
will be ignored.


Spell: inertial barrier
Class: psywarrior L4, psion L4
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> inertial barrier

Using this power, the psionic character bolsters his physical defenses,
gaining some resistance to physical attacks.  The spell does not stack with
the damage resistance and improved damage resistance feats.

Components, psywarrior: rhodonite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: rhodonite x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: dimension door
Class: psywarrior L4, psion L4, bard L4
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> dimension door to <location>

Through this spell the caster opens a 'door' in the fabric of reality,
attuned only to themselves.  They can use this to step through to a
location of their choice, only one that they have previously visited and
found to resonate with their soul.  A great deal of concentration is
required to enact such a spell, so the spell can be easily disrupted by
others.  Teleport warding effects that are of greater strength than the
caster, will thwart the spell entirely.


