Spell: oak body
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L7
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> oak body

By using this power, the psionic character lends some of his psychic energy
to protect himself. It causes the manifester to gain some resistance to
physical attacks, as well as immunity to most standard poisons. The oaken
nature of the power leaves the manifester vulnerable to fire attacks. The
oaken body brings a minor bonus to strength at the cost of dexterity. This
power does not work together with Stoneskin or Iron Body.

Components, psywarrior: sapphire x2
Components, psion: sapphire x2

Spell: power resistance
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L5
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> power resistance on <target>

Using this power will allow a psion to temporarily raise the power
resistance of the target.  After a time, the power will reverse, restoring
the creature to its original resistance.

Components, psywarrior: jade x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: jade x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: empower weapon
Class: psywarrior L5
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> empower weapon on <weapon> as <power name> |
<arguments to the power>

NOTE: This power may only be cast into a weapon and will not function
without that weapon in your inventory. Also, the weapon can store only
helpful powers, not those used for attacks. If you find that a particular
power cannot be used when you think it should be, please bug report it.

This power allows the psionic character to hold a power in reserve to be
called upon at a later time by typing <release>.  If the power reserved
normally requires a target, that target will automatically be the
manifester.  If you need to add arguments to the reserved power, you must
add them at the time of manifesting empower weapon.

example of usage:  manifest empower weapon on sword as dimension door | home

NOTE: You do need the | symbol if the power requires arguments such as a
location.


Components, psywarrior: rhodochrosite x1, rose quartz x1

Spell: catapsi
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L5
Sphere: charm
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> catapsi on <target>

This power can be one of the deadliest in the psion's arsenal, though it
causes very little damage.  By manifesting this power, the psion causes a
white noise to resonate in the mind of his target, leaving the target
unable to think, cast spells, or manifest powers.  This power is rightly
feared by psions and mages all over the realms.

Components, psion: blue diamond x3

Spell: biting cold
Class: psywarrior L5, psion L5
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> biting cold on <target>

Upon manifesting this power, the psywarrior manipulates the elemental
planes, summoning cold to himself. Concentrating the icy power in his core,
he lashes out, freezing his target. The victim experiences cold damage and
may have their movement impaired for a time.

Components, psywarrior: turquoise x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)
Components, psion: turquoise x2 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: greater stomp
Class: psywarrior L5
Sphere: combat
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: cast <classname> greater stomp

The psionic character releases a torrent of psychic energy as she stomps
upon the earth, causing tremors to ripple throughout the area. She uses her
energy to feed the power, tripping and damaging her foes for several
rounds, provided she stays in the area. All those attacking the character
are subject to the effects of the stomp, though they do receive saving
throws.


