Spell: shadow double
Class: mage/sorc L7
Sphere: illusion
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> shadow double

This spell will conjure a ghostly double of the caster, drawn from his or
her own shadow. The shadow will automatically follow and protect you.
Should you lose it, though, simply go into the room with it and <command
shadow to follow>. This is a greater summons, and cannot be used
simultaneously with other greater summons.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage/sorc: onyx dust x1

Feat requirements: shadow_adept (gift of the shadows), mage/sorc (gift of
the shadows), sorcerer (gift of the shadows)

Spell: magic mirror
Class: mage/sorc L7
Sphere: divination
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> magic mirror on <object> (a scrying mirror)

By means of this spell, the wizard changes a normal mirror into a scrying
device similar to a crystal ball. The details of the use of such a scrying
device can be accessed by typing <help mirror> after a successful cast on a
mirror.  You will be able to scry a player character or a location with the
scrying device made by this spell.

The mirror used must be of finely wrought and highly polished silver of a
minimum cost of 1,000 gp.  These mirrors are generally found only in
wizard's laboratories as they are both large and fragile, making them
impossible to carry around.

You will not be able to scry a character that you have not recognized
previously with the 'recognize' command.  Your chance of success in using
the mirror on a character is less if you recognize someone as something
other than their true name, but its better than nothing.  You may not scry
locations at all unless they are in memory via the remember command.

There is also a chance that the target of the spell may notice that they
are being scryed.  This depends on their class, and is adjusted
significantly by intelligence.  This operates independantly of any scry
detection magic or devices.  This spell can only be cast while at peace.

Components, mage/sorc: eye of roc x1, zinc x1, nitric acid x1, copper x1

Spell: mages sword
Class: mage L7
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> mages sword

This spell will create a floating and controllable sword for you that you
can use to attack your enemies.  The sword will automatically follow and
protect you.  Should you lose it, though, simply go into the room with it
and <command sword to follow>. This is a greater summons, and cannot be
used simultaneously with other greater summons.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage: mini platinum sword x1

Spell: prismatic spray
Class: mage/sorc L7
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: varied
Syntax: cast <classname> prismatic spray on <target>

When the prismatic spray spell is cast, the wizard causes several
shimmering rays of light to flash from his/her hand.  Each ray has a
different purpose and power.  The creature struck will be touched by one or
more rays and will be subject to a number of different attacks from the
spell.


Spell: finger of death
Class: mage/sorc L7
Sphere: necromancy
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> finger of death on <target>

Finger of death pulls the darkness in close around the caster as the caster
attempts to free the soul of the target from its mortal home, killing the
target.

This spell can only be cast while at peace.


Spell: spell turning
Class: mage L7
Sphere: abjuration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> spell turning

The most skilled of abjurationists can use such a spell to raise a
protective ward around themselves. While it holds, it will have a chance to
reflect any spells which are directly aimed at the caster, regardless of
whether they are hostile or friendly. The ward will not reflect splash
damage or AOE, but only direct-targetted spells. This spell does not stack
with the 'reflection' or 'spell reflection' feats.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage: glass rod x1, small silver mirror x1 (or nil w. eschew
materials)

Spell: deny the reaper
Class: mage L7
Sphere: necromancy
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> deny the reaper on <target> (dead player's name)

This spell will send out necromantic energies to snatch a dead person away
from the afterlife.  The deceased will be returned to the site of death and
revived.  A successfully revived person will be barely alive and need
significant healing, due to the strain of being dragged away from death's
embrace, and will still be weakened by the touch of death despite their
restoration.

See also: help pkilling, help rules

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage: drop of blood x1, diamond dust x1

