Spell: incendiary cloud
Class: mage/sorc L8
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: varied
Syntax: cast <classname> incendiary cloud

Upon casting this spell, the mage conjures a heaving mass of smoke and
flames that blankets the area, scorching those who dare attack the caster. 
Like most fires, this one requires a brief time to build to a raging
inferno before it fizzles out again, leaving devastation in its wake.  If
the caster leaves the area, the cloud will dissipate. A versatile arcanist
can manipulate the base element of this spell.

Components, mage/sorc: flint x1, dung scrapings x1 (or nil w. eschew
materials)

Spell: powerword stun
Class: mage/sorc L8
Sphere: enchantment_charm
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> powerword stun on <target>

When the powerword stun spell is uttered, any creature of the caster's
choice is stunned, reeling and unable to think coherently or to act for a
duration dependent on the creature's current hit points.


Spell: screen
Class: cleric L6, mage/sorc L8
Sphere: illusion
Domain: illusion
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> screen

Upon casting this spell, the user creates a screen of illusion centered
upon himself that makes scrying attempts difficult.  This spell has a
chance to both detect and block scrying attempts, with the chance for
success determined by the level of the priest against the level of the
scryer.  The spell is centered upon the caster and will move with him,
allowing him to sweep areas for the duration of the spell.

When a scrying attempt is detected, the scryer must immediately roll a
saving throw.  If this is failed, the appearance and general location of
the scryer immediately become known to the one who cast this spell.  The
general location is the room and area where the scryer is located at the
time.

This spell can only be cast while at peace.


Spell: greater shout
Class: mage/sorc L8, bard L6
Sphere: enchantment_charm
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> greater shout on <target>

Like shout, greater shout allows for the mage to magically enchant and
enhance his voice, to deliver a devastating sonic attack against one
target, but with more power added to his voice through the use of the
enchantments of this spell.  The amplified voice can knock some targets off
balance for a moment, forcing them to spend some time for the ringing in
their ears to pass.


