Spell: animus blast
Class: mage L9
Sphere: necromancy
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: cast <classname> animus blast

This power enables a master of necromancy to unleash a blast of pure
negative energy.  Such is the power of the blast that it can also sap the
life energy of those nearby, as well as its main target.  In addition, the
blast of negative energy can re-awaken corpses within the vicinity, raising
them as the servants of the caster.  This spell has no effect upon existing
undead creatures.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage: bit of bone x1, drop of blood x1 (or nil w. eschew
materials)

Spell: meteor swarm
Class: mage/sorc L9
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> meteor swarm on <target>

When the meteor swarm spell is cast, the target creature is assaulted by a
swarm of flaming meteors, doing considerable damage.  Any other beings in
the path may be engulfed in the explosion and also have a chance to receive
some damage.


Spell: prying eyes
Class: mage L9
Sphere: divination
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> prying eyes on <target>

The pinnacle of ability for a skilled diviner, this spell allows the caster
to watch and listen in upon a distant person without the need for
components or a mirror. Or, they may focus upon their surroundings and then
depart, keeping watch over it in their absence. Many such magi couple this
with their clairvoyance skills to gain both close and long-range sight of
the target, as this spell does not show anything beyond the scope of its
immediate target. The caster will need to rest after attempting this kind
of spell, before re-attempting it again.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell. This spell can only be cast
while at peace.


Spell: powerword kill
Class: mage L9
Sphere: enchantment_charm
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> powerword kill on <target>

When the powerword kill spell is uttered, any creature of the mage's choice
will drop dead if it has fewer current hit points then the mage's power.
The target may still be weakened even if this is not the case, but
creatures immune to death magic will be completely unaffected.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.


Spell: shadow nova
Class: mage/sorc L9
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: cast <classname> shadow nova

This spell will send a burst of pure darkness out in a circle from the
caster.  Any enemies caught in the area will suffer damage from the shadowy
energy.  Those creatures who fail their save will find that the darkness
also steals away their vision temporarily.

Components, mage/sorc: smoky quartz x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Feat requirements: shadow_adept (gift of the shadows), mage/sorc (gift of
the shadows), sorcerer (gift of the shadows)

Spell: sunburst
Class: cleric L8, druid L8, mage/sorc L9
Sphere: invocation_evocation
Domain: sun
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: cast <classname> sunburst

This spell will send the light of the sun radiating out in a circle from
the caster.  Any enemies caught in the area will suffer damage from the
pure light of the sun.  Undead creatures suffer more damage than normal
ones, and those creatures who fail their save are blinded by the light.

Components, mage: sunstone x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: gate
Class: mage L9
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> gate on <summoning> 
	cast <classname> gate on <travel | location>

The spell of gate is only available to the most skilled of conjurers, and
holds twofold uses to its casting. The first is the use of the conjured
portal as a means of transit, both for the caster and his allies, to a
specified location previously memorized. The second is the use of the
portal to draw forth a powerful planar creature under the control of the
caster, to act as a servant and/or a protector. This is a greater summons,
and cannot be used simultaneously with other greater summons.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage: crushed black pearl x1

Spell: timestop
Class: mage L9, bard L6
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> timestop

This spell allows the transmuter to alter their immediate surroundings into
a state of such forced suspension that it would seem that time had stopped
for all but the caster.  This allows them to act normally while their
opponents can only watch, and will drop them out of direct combat. Foes
will force their way out of the spell after a brief interval, while the
very strongest of opponents may manage to resist the effect entirely.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell.

Components, mage: quicksilver x3

Feat requirements: bard (timeweaver)

Spell: dimensional lock
Class: mage L9
Sphere: abjuration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> dimensional lock

By means of this spell, the wizard blocks all teleportation attempts both
into and out of the area, including but not limited to the teleportation
wizard spells, the cleric's Word of Power spell, psionic attempts to fold
space, and object-generated effects such as riftgates. It will also foil
specialized magical attempts to summon the ward's caster out of the
protected area. The target of this spell is the room that the spell is cast
within.

Non-specialized mages cannot cast this spell. This spell can only be cast
while at peace.

Components, mage: sack of salt x1 (or nil w. eschew materials)

Spell: iron body
Class: mage/sorc L9, psion L8
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> iron body

By using this power, the caster lends some of his psychic energy or arcane
spellcraft to protect himself. It causes the caster to gain a strong
resistance to physical attacks, as well as immunity to most standard
poisons. It does not work together with stoneskin.

Components, mage/sorc: diamond dust x1
Components, psion: rutilated quartz x1

