Spell: magic vestments
Class: cleric L4
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> magic vestments

Calling for a blessing from their deity, the cleric can recieve magical
vestments that will protect them for a time.  The spell will not work if
the priest is wearing any form of armor on their torso, including leather,
chain, and armour types.  The magical vestments will grow in strength as
the priest's power grows, as will the duration.  The vestments are meant
only for the cleric, and can not be given to another.  To do so usually
brings about the wrath of their god upon the priest.


Spell: prevent stealing
Class: cleric L4, paladin L3
Sphere: abjuration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> prevent stealing

This spell prevents stealing in the room where the caster has cast the
spell for an amount of time dependent on the level of the caster.


Spell: sanctify
Class: cleric L4, paladin L4
Sphere: abjuration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> sanctify

Calling on the power of his or her god, the caster creates a protected
place for him or herself to retreat to in times of need.  The sanctified
ground is accessed through an iron gate that is created when the spell is
cast.


Spell: glyph of warding
Class: cleric L4
Sphere: conjuration_summoning
Domain: creation
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> glyph of warding

By casting this spell, the priest uses his powers of generation to create a
mystical glyph that will protect a small circle around the area in which he
stands.  The glyph will alert the caster should any creature enter the area
protected by the glyph, and it will deliver a bit of a shock to the one who
does.  Any creature already within the protected area may leave without
disturbing the glyph.  If a creature was within the glyph when it was
created, he or she may enter again without triggering the protective
response.

Typically, priests have been known to use this spell to protect areas with
treasure or to help ensure privacy.  Because the glyph generates energy
that protects a circle, it will guard all exits in a room.  However - like
a circle - when it has been breached once, the energy will dissipate, and
the spell will end.  Additionally, thieves have a chance to search out and
disable glyphs, though it does take active concentration on their part.  A
thief must make the search in the room preceding the room the glyph is
thought to be in.

A priest may concentrate on only one glyph at a time, but he does not have
to remain in the room for the glyph to remain.


Spell: hold monster
Class: cleric L4
Sphere: enchantment_charm
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> hold monster on <target>

This will magically hold most types of monsters.  It will hold for longer,
as your levels increase.  They will be able to hear, but not look or fight.


Spell: cleanse disease
Class: cleric L4, paladin L4, druid L3, ranger L3, bard L4
Sphere: healing
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> cleanse disease on <target>

This spell will attempt to cleanse any diseases present on the <target>.
Success is based on the level of the caster versus the difficult of the
particular disease.


Spell: meld into nature
Class: cleric L4, druid L3, ranger L4
Sphere: illusion
Domain: plant
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> meld into nature

This spell will allow you to hide yourself in the land around you
magically. It will not function within urban areas.


Spell: snakebite
Class: cleric L4, ranger L3
Sphere: combat
Domain: animal
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: cast <classname> snakebite on <target>

This spell allows the ranger to draw forth the remaining living energy in
an otherwise dead stick, converting it into life.  It will become a serpent
that strikes the target, with a chance to poison with its bite.


