Spell: mindnet
Class: cleric L9, psion L8
Sphere: divination
Discipline: telepath
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> mindnet to <target>

This power is otherwise known as mass telepathy. It will allow the psion to
open a telepathy spell with more than one target at the same time.  Each
target will be able to 'hear' the thoughts of the other targets in the
mindnet.  The mindnet takes the game mechanic form of a line in the name
that the caster has themselves recognized as.

The actual name of the line is not considered to be IC information, but
rather a mechanical method by which to facilitate the spell. The caster
must cast the spell multiple times to add more targets to the spell, and
each time they cast the spell on a new target, that target is added to the
existing mind link.  It is possible for a person to be in two or more
mindnets at the same time, but it is not possible for one caster to have
two seperate mindnet spells under their control at the same time. The
caster may remove a person from the mindnet at any time by using <mindnet
remove target>.


Spell: mass heal
Class: cleric L9
Sphere: healing
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> mass heal on <target>

This is a stronger version of the priest spell, heal.  When cast without a
target or on the caster or any party member, it will heal the caster and
any party members of the caster who are present in the area.  When cast on
a hostile, it will hit all hostiles in the immediate area, healing those
that are living, and hurting those that are undead.  When cast on a neutral
creature that is neither in the caster's party or hostile to the caster, it
will hit all creatures in the area, healing those that are living and
hurting those that are undead.


Spell: resurrection
Class: cleric L9
Sphere: healing
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> resurrection on <target> (dead player's name)

Praying to their diety for a miracle, a priest can attempt to resurrect a
slain ally back to life.  The resurrection, if successful, will restore the
corpse back to life and full of health.  The spell is somewhat draining on
the priest, for channeling large ammounts of divine power can be
exhausting.  The target will suffer significantly less (lower exp. loss)
from the death due to the intervention of the priest.

See also:  help pkilling, help rules


Spell: succor
Class: cleric L9
Sphere: alteration
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> succor to <location>

The succor spell will transport the priest to a location that he or she has
remembered from the 'remembered location' list. To remember a new location,
use 'remember here as <location>', to see a list of all remembered
locations, use 'recall locations'.
This spell must be cast while at peace.
See also: remember, unremember, recall


Spell: speak with dead
Class: cleric L9, psion L7
Sphere: divination
Discipline: telepath
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> speak with dead to <target>

This will allow the caster to attempt to establish a mental connection with
a deceased individual.


