Spell: fell flight
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> fell flight

This spell causes the warlock to sprout a set of wings, their nature
dependent upon the origins of their pact. As the wings are only shaped from
energy, they are not powerful enough to bear the caster aloft in true
flights of any length. However, they allow the warlock to drift in short
bursts to conserve energy when travelling, and may also be used to propel
the warlock with unexpected speed in combat, to land an extra attack
against a foe. This invocation does not work together with other
flight-based spells, nor similar spell buffs such as haste, rage or
berserker.


Spell: brimstone blast
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: <blasttype brimstone>

An eldritch blast with this essence applied will cause the target/s to
catch fire, burning for further damage over several rounds. Subsequent
eldritch blasts will not stack this effect, but will refresh its duration.
This essence will also change the base type of the blast to fire.
See also: <help blasttype>.


Spell: hungry darkness
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: reflex
Syntax: cast <classname> hungry darkness

This invocation calls a supernatural darkness down within the area,
blurring the line between the prime material plane and the planes beyond.
What lies beyond will ignore the warlock, but will reach out, biting and
clawing at anything close enough...


Spell: ignore the pyre
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> ignore the pyre on <element>

This invocation bestows the warlock with an innate affinity for the element
of choice, which results in less damage taken from any attacks of that
type. Elements that can be chosen are acid, cold, electricity, fire, or
sonic.


Spell: eldritch chain
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> eldritch chain on <target>

This is an extension of the core spell-like ability of the warlock - the
ability to invoke pure planar energy and hurl it at a foe. Unlike its
primary form, the invocation will leap to secondary targets if they are
present, more so as the warlock gains in strength. As with the eldritch
blast, it can be imbued with various essences.
See also: <help blasttype>.


Spell: curse of despair
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> curse of despair on <target>

By means of this invocation, the caster places a curse upon the target that
will weaken them considerably, lowering their defenses and their combat
abilities. It is not dispellable by normal magics, but will fade over time.


Spell: warlocks call
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> warlocks call to <target>

This invocation allows a brief message to be sent to the target (less than
200 characters). . Doing so opens the warlock up to a response from the
target - either a message of a similarly short nature, or a harmful retort
of mental energy. If either message is too long, or either party takes more
than a minute to respond, the invocation will dissipate harmlessly. If the
target is ignoring the warlock or incapacitated in some way, the invocation
will fail.


Spell: flee the scene
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> flee the scene on <direction>

This spell allows the caster to craft an illusion about themselves, before
slipping out of it a short distance away. The illusion remains behind for a
round, hopefully fooling those who might try to come after. The invocation
can be used in combat and will ignore mundane impediments, such as caltrops
or closed doors, but will be barred by magically sealed doors. Given the
very careful and draining spellcraft this invocation requires, it will take
a few moments before the warlock can cast it again after the first.


Spell: glamer
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> glamer

This invocation creates an illusion to alter the warlock's features. It is
a drastic enough change that they become unrecognizable even to those they
are familiar with. It does not allow for such drastic changes as body size
or overall shape; the caster would still be quite recognizable as a
creature of their race.

OOC: This spell does not alter details on your scoresheet (eyes, hair) but
the caster may describe their new form and features differently to these if
they so choose. They must still maintain their overall body shape (ie.
race, general height and weight).

You can only have one altered form with this spell - repeat uses do not
grant additional different shapeshifts, but instead return you to the same
secondary form. Adjective, description, speech, messages etc will be
remembered across castings, so they will only need to be set once in your
alternative form. Players will be able to recognise your 'other self' as a
unique entity, separate from your usual self.


Feat requirements: warlock (blooded)

Spell: enthrall
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> enthrall on <target>

By means of this invocation, the warlock will attempt to assert a degree of
mental control over the target. If successful, the target will follow the
caster around and try to protect them from harm. If the warlock harms the
enthralled creature, their control will be lost. Only one creature may be
controlled in this way at a time, and it will not work on other players,
although it may confuse them briefly.

OOC
Please exercise caution and good role-playing skills when using this
invocation.  Just because you have a monster charmed, does not mean people
will react well to it in crowded places.


Spell: the dead walk
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> the dead walk (on <target>)

This invocation draws upon the power of the Plane of Shadows, infusing the
recently dead with negative energy to reanimate their bodies as undead. You
can raise a total number of hit dice worth of zombies and skeletons up to
your casting level.  They will follow you and defend you from your enemies.
Unlike most common summoning spells, these monsters will not go away unless
the caster quits.  They are undead, so they can be turned, and so forth,
but they cannot be dispelled.


Spell: walk unseen
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> walk unseen

This invocation places illusory spellcraft around the warlock, deceiving
the eyes of those around so as to effectively disappear from view. While
minor, a small degree of concentration is required to maintain the effect,
so it can become wearying over time. Becoming engaged in combat is
sufficiently distracting to lose control of the concealment; also, falling
unconscious will cause the invocation to fail. Of course, the warlock can
simply forgo the concentration to <appear> at any time.


Spell: witchwood step
Class: warlock L2
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> witchwood step

This invocation attunes the warlock to an element of flowing energy,
commonly that of air, water, or the chaotic fluctuations of the feywild.
Such energies will lie dormant in the caster's veins, triggering at the
next time the caster is stunned or tripped to grant them freedom from the
effect. The power of this invocation is such that the caster will need to
wait a brief period once activated before it can be cast again. It can only
be cast while at peace.


