Spell: beshadowed blast
Class: warlock L3
Saving throw: fort
Syntax: <blasttype beshadowed>

An eldritch blast with this essence applied will cloud the target/s'
vision, temporarily blinding them.
See also: <help blasttype>.


Spell: eldritch glaive
Class: warlock L3
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> eldritch glaive

A variant on the core spell-like ability of the warlock, this invocation
allows the caster to shape their eldritch blast into a single glaive, which
can be used as a melee weapon. Both hands must be empty in order for this
invocation to work; similarly, if a different shaped blast is invoked, the
glaive will disappear. Releasing grip upon the weapon will end the
invocation. As with the eldritch blast, the glaive can be imbued with
various essences.
See also: <help blasttype>.
Please note, this blast shape is not coded yet and cannot be used.


Spell: hellfire shield
Class: warlock L3
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> hellfire shield

This spell surrounds the warlock with a searing barrier of hellfire, which
will move with the caster and harm any foes that get too close.  The
strength of the flames depends on the level of the caster.

Only a hellfire warlock may harness this invocation.


Spell: mind veil
Class: warlock L3
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: cast <classname> mind veil

This invocation conjures a shroud of magical energy about the caster, which
will oppose all devices and spells that detect, influence or read emotions
or thoughts. Mind-effecting spells will not work against the warlock, and
basic divination attempts such as alignment will reveal nothing of note.
Greater divinations, such as scrying, will be opposed with by caster's own
magical strength. This invocation does not work in conjunction with other
alignment-altering effects, nor with other scry protection magics.


Spell: mire the mind
Class: warlock L3
Saving throw: will
Syntax: cast <classname> mire the mind

The caster creates a chilling aura around themselves, which insinuates
itself into the minds of nearby foes, should they not have the willpower to
resist. It will apply itself as a fog upon their thoughts, slowing their
combat reactions considerably. Creatures with only a single attack will not
be able to be slowed further.


Spell: vitriolic blast
Class: warlock L3
Saving throw: n/a
Syntax: <blasttype vitriolic>

An eldritch blast with this essence applied will bypass all magic
resistance and AC of the target, unerringly finding its mark. It will cause
acidic residue to burn the target/s for further damage over several rounds.
Subsequent eldritch blasts will not stack this effect, but will refresh its
duration. This essence will also change the base type of the blast to acid.
See also: <help blasttype>.


